# bcons PHP connector
This package enables you to send messages from your PHP code to your bcons console. 

Please visit the demo page TODO links!! to see it in action, and consult the documentation for a detailed explanation of all available options.

## Requirements
This package requires only PHP >= 5.3, allowing its use in legacy code (where it is most needed 😅). 

You will also need a bcons account (there is a 'free forever' plan for 1 user and 1 project) and the free bcons browser extension.

## Setup instructions

1. Create an account at [bcons.dev](https://bcons.dev)
    1. On the 'Account' page, copy your user token.
    1. Navigate to the *Projects* page, create your project, and a token will be assigned to it. Copy this token.

2. Install the bcons browser extension. TODO: add links

   After installation, click on the extension icon in your browser and select *Options*. Enter your user token.
   The browser extension adds a *Bcons-User* header to every request made to the domains defined in your project, using your user token. This enables the server code to send any debug messages generated by that request to you.

3. Install the PHP package

    `composer require karontek/bcons`

## Usage

Instantiate the bcons class.

```php
use Karontek\Bcons\Bcons;

$console = new Bcons('your project token');
```

When the bcons class is instantiated, it automatically sends debug messages including the request data payload, current session data, and cookies sent.

It will also send warning and error messages for every warning and error raised by PHP.

But the true power of bcons is unlocked with the ability to send your own messages. Use the log, warn, error methods to send messages and view them on your bcons console.

```php
$console->log($currentUserData);
$console->warn("Zip code not available for user $userId");
$console->error("No user with id $userId found");
```

## Where are all these messages displayed?

All these messages are displayed in the bcons console, which you can access via the bcons website (log in and navigate to the *Console* page) or through the browser extension. They will also appear in your browser's devtools console.